fix ISSUE-361: Pulsar manager's swagger dose not work. (#369)
apache/pulsar-manager: src/README.md

        apachepulsar/pulsar-manager:v0.2.0
    ```

### Enable swagger ui
If you want to enable swagger ui, please set the following option to true in file `application.properties`, default value is true.
if you don't want to enable swagger ui in production environment, you can set the value false.

```$xslt
swagger.enabled=true

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enable swagger UI
To enable swagger UI, set `swagger.enabled=true` in the `application.properties` file. The default value is `true`.

If you want to disable swagger UI in the  production environment, you can set `swagger.enabled=false`.

> ### How to use swagger to access the API
> 1. Please enable swagger ui 'swagger.enabled=true' in `application.properties`
> 
> 2. Visit http://YOUR_BACKEND_SERVICE_HOST:7750/swagger-ui.html
> 
> 3. If you directly try apis in swagger, you will receive a 401 response, because it has not been authorized.
>     So please request the login api first, use the username and password of the pulsar manager to login, 
>     and copy the `token` of the response header, next step will use the token.
>     The request body is like this:
>     ```$xslt
>     {
>       "username": "admin",
>       "password": "apachepulsar"
>     }
>     ```
>     Then copy the token of the response header
>     ![swagger-request-login](../docs/img/swagger-request-login.png)
> 
> 4. Click the `Authorize` button in swagger ui, and then fill in the authorize information of swagger
>      - environment: the environment name you configed in pulsar manager
>      - token: the token you copied above
>      - username: the username you just login
>     
>     ![swagger-authorize](../docs/img/swagger-authorize.png)
> 
> 5. Then you can directly request other apis and receive correct response, because it has been authorized.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to use swagger to access the API
1. Enable swagger UI by setting 'swagger.enabled=true' in the `application.properties` file.

2. Visit http://YOUR_BACKEND_SERVICE_HOST:7750/swagger-ui.html

3. Request the login API, use the username and password of the Pulsar Manager to login, copy the `token` of the response header.
   
    The request body is as follows:
    ```$xslt
    {
      "username": "admin",
      "password": "apachepulsar"
    }
    ```
    Copy the token of the response header.
    ![swagger-request-login](../docs/img/swagger-request-login.png)

4. Authorize. Click the `Authorize` button in swagger UI, and then fill in the authorization information of swagger.
     - environment: the environment name you have configured in Pulsar Manager.
     - token: the token you have copied in the previous step.
     - username: the username you login.
    
    ![swagger-authorize](../docs/img/swagger-authorize.png)

5. Request other APIs.
```
